♪ ♪
Previously on How to Get Away
with Murder...
What's the deal
with your father?
[ Voice breaking ]
He is not a good person.
I love you, Oliver.
I think
we should break up.
Any new significant others,
besides Wes's little lady?
Hi.
Want to go
finally meet your dad?
I think I'm your son.
Why would you
think that?
[ Gunshot ]
You think it's Frank
putting them up?
No.
I found him.
What do you want to do?
Hang up the phone!
[ Grunting ]
You okay?
Yeah.
I live here! Please!
Who is it? Tell me!
[ Whimpering ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Police radio chatter ]
Mumford:
You're in shock right now.
I understand that.
Unfortunately,
we do need to get
as much information from you
right now as possible.
Can you tell us
where you were before?
Ms. Keating.
The clinic.
I had to pick up
some work.
Did anyone else
see you there?
Someone who can vouch
for your whereabouts?
You're joking.
My house is burning down,
and you want
to make me a suspect?
Now, hold on.
No one's
saying anything like that.
Yeah, be a monster.
That's fine.
But don't be a dumbass,
as well.
Davis: To be clear,
your neighbors saw your car
in the driveway all day.
You want to arrest me
for burning down my house?
Then do it!
Cuff me right here!
Arrest me!
Go on, arrest me!
♪
No!
Nate: What kind of dreams
were you having?
Tossing and turning all night,
talking gibberish.
Annalise.
Hmm?
Was it a sex dream?
Is that why you don't
want to tell me about it?
You had another guy
up in this bed?
Who says it was a guy?
Oh, no, no, no.
No way I'm letting you
leave me high and dry.
[ Chuckles ]
Mm. Go shower.
Or else you're gonna be late
for work.
[ Shower running ]
[ Cellphone beeps ]
[ Cellphone rings ]
Man: [ Shuddering ]
I didn't --
I didn't have a choice.
[ Sniffles ]
He's dead.
[ Grunting ]
Frank: Get off me!
Get off me!
[ Neck cracks ]
♪
Annalise.
Nate: I got an idea.
[ Cellphone beeps ]
Get in the shower.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
It's big enough
for both of us.
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Cellphone beeps ]
♪
Candice: Hello?
This is Annalise.
Hi, this is Candice from
President Hargrove's office.
She was hoping
you had time to stop by today.
We just wanted
to let you know
that we'd launched
a priority investigation
into who posted
the fliers.
We're having campus security
increase their patrols, too,
as well as having them
review our active-shooter drills
with all of our employees.
This is all standard stuff.
We're not concerned.
Annalise:
Well, I wasn't concerned
till you started telling me
how not concerned you were.
[ Chuckles ]
We just wanted you to know
we're on it.
It's probably just
some student blowing off steam.
Most likely.
[ Clears throat ]
Um, one sec.
[ Sighs ]
"Safe space" used to mean
you could
express your feelings.
Now I have to take it
literally.
It's fine.
It's just H.R.
covering their asses.
[ Chuckles ]
If you only knew.
How's the clinic going?
Good.
Thanks again
for making that work.
I should be thanking you
for coming up
with such a great idea.
♪
Wes: Hey!
Were you meeting
with the President?
How'd you know?
Well, you just
walked out of her office.
Oh.
Is it about the fliers?
No, that's all over.
You still got
that god-awful apartment?
[ Chuckles ] Yeah.
You should move out,
come stay with me.
What are you talking about?
I don't know.
You could save money
for a little.
But it's weird.
Why?
Meggy, for one.
Meggy?
Yeah, my girlfriend.
I told you about her.
Oh, I didn't know
that was still a thing.
All right, well,
forget I said anything.
Go study.
No one ever
became a good lawyer
hanging out in the quad.
♪
What's all this?
I'm reorganizing
because
your stupid clinic
means Annalise can't
take real cases anymore.
It's not my clinic.
[ Sighs ]
So, the new locks,
are they to keep out
anyone in particular?
Why are you here,
Laurel?
I just came to say hi.
Is there any news
on the Mahoney case?
We don't care
about that case.
But the cops
haven't arrested anyone yet.
Wes could still
be a suspect.
He's not.
How do you know that?
Because Eve is on it.
She has a contact at the NYPD,
so just relax.
Wes is not a suspect.
Is Frank?
Laurel.
You would tell me
if you'd heard from him
so that at least
I'd know he's not dead.
Maybe he is.
Don't say that.
Annalise: What are you girls
gossiping about?
I just came
to say hi to Bonnie.
Why does everyone think
that's so weird?
♪
[ Muffled pounding ]
[ Crash ]
♪
[ Lighter clicks ]
[ Fire ignites ]
♪
Oliver: Are you sure
it's not weird?
I've never seen you wear a suit
to class before.
That's because
I don't look as dashing as you
when I wear one.
Hey. Uh, what do you
think about this apartment?
I never said
you had to rush to move out.
Yeah,
you just dumped me.
Don't say it like that.
What? You didn't dump me?
I just don't like
that saying.
Imagine how much
you'd like being dumped then.
I shouldn't be late
for my first day.
Do you want to walk over there
together, or...
Um...you know what?
I would actually
feel more comfortable
if we went separately.
Oh. Okay.
Uh, do you want me
to go first?
I'm kidding.
Come on.
Michaela: What did you do?
Asher: For real.
Do not tell me
that you cheated on my boy.
No, actually,
it was his decision.
Apparently he's been thinking
about it all summer.
You don't think there's
something else going on?
Wait, you think my boy
cheated on you?
Have any of you
seen these articles?
They're all
about the fliers.
Oh, down we go.
We're ignoring that
right now.
Oliver dumped Connor.
Why?!
Oh, my God,
you cheated on him.
No.
My gosh,
you cheated on him!
No, he thinks
that he wants some space,
and clearly
I'll be changing his mind
by the end of the week.
Damn, the girl's cocky.
Well, you'd understand
if you gave me a go at that ass.
Oh, sorry.
This ass is taken.
By who?
Seriously,
who is this weirdo?
Hot little number
I met at the bar,
but she's stacked.
I'll tell you,
she's up top and bottom.
Just, unh!
Okay.
Am I the only one
who cares about this?
I think it's good.
Journalists might be able
to figure out
who's putting
the fliers up.
You ever think Annalise
just put them up herself?
And why
would she do that?
To get attention,
to play the victim.
Wow, that's ridiculous.
Is it?
Annalise: Take a seat.
Court's assigned us
a new client.
Irene Crowley,
convicted of murdering
her husband Rodney
when she was 31 years old.
The weapon -- a claw hammer.
After she finished,
she showered,
took the bus to work,
punched in on time
for her shift at the factory.
Ugh, that's terrible.
Why are you here?
Um...
You said I should
come introduce myself?
Class,
this is Mr. Hampton.
I've hired him as
the clinic's technology expert.
He's getting paid,
so use him as you wish.
As long as it's legal.
Uh, my desk
is down the hall in the --
Mr. Hampton.
Okay.
Today,
Irene is 63 years old.
She's served
32 years in prison
and has been denied parole
six times.
Now, we're gonna fight like hell
to get her free.
Why?
Irene was physically
and sexually abused
by her husband
throughout
their 10-year marriage.
Now, at the time,
the courts did not allow
past abuse into evidence,
which left her
without a defense.
Michaela:
Domestic-abuse victims
are afforded
greater protections now,
so we need to create a narrative
for the parole board
that highlights
the psychological trauma
that led to your...episode
with your husband.
That was no episode.
You're right.
Bad word choice.
Call it what you want.
I call it my finest hour.
Each of you
will be given one minute
to present a parole strategy
to Irene.
Laurel:
The key here is to focus on
the kind of childhood you had
before you met Rodney.
I had
a normal childhood.
Really?
Your file says that
you grew up in a group home
with rough conditions.
Rougher than yours.
I'm sorry?
Those teeth tell me
you came from money.
Who's next?
Annalise:
Now, there's several arguments
that will sway
the parole board.
One -- if released,
does Irene pose a danger?
Wes: We'll stress
your exemplary prison record.
Did you attend
any A.A. meetings, bible study?
I only went
to those meetings
because my cellmate
kept crapping her bunk.
Number two --
you have to prove that she is
remorseful for her crime.
Connor: Are you sorry?
Because you
declined the chance
to apologize
to your husband's family.
Dead husband's family.
See,
you don't seem remorseful.
And until
you start acting sorry,
no parole board's
going to release you.
Great.
So can I go now?
Now, the parole board
consists of
three old white men.
How do I know that?
Because they're always
old white men,
typically from
law-enforcement backgrounds.
Asher: Do you know
why you should pick me?
'Cause I'm white.
Just like the guys
who are deciding your fate.
Do I think that's cool?
No.
But I do think it's smart.
Racism for the win,
right?
Did I say
something funny?
You remind me
of my husband.
Connor: I was brilliant.
I made her feel like
there was no chance in hell
that she would win.
Score.
One less white guy
to compete with.
He doesn't want the case,
genius.
He knows it's a loser.
We have a winner.
Irene was very clear on
who she connected with.
Congratulations,
Mr. Walsh.
♪
Wes: Hey.
I have somewhere to be,
Wes.
Are you worried
Frank's behind the fliers?
That's why you asked me
to move in.
No.
Then why did
you ask me that?
[ Chuckles ]
Because I'm an idiot.
Forget I brought it up.
You're worried about me.
You think that Frank
might try to pin Mahoney's
shooting on me, or worse.
God's honest?
I'm lonely.
That's why I asked you
to move in with me.
Tired of eating alone.
I don't believe you.
[ Chuckles ]
Well, I can't make you.
Actually,
I have plans tonight, so...
[ Knock on door ]
Oh, you're early.
Not that I'm complaining.
♪
Nate.
I need you
to help me find Frank.
♪
I'm worried Frank
might come back, do something.
Why?
I just have a feeling.
You just have a feeling?
You want me
to show you his file?
Sam was his doctor
in prison.
You never told me that.
Yeah, well, I didn't think
it mattered anymore.
But you think
he's dangerous?
He has the potential
to be.
And you've been
okay with that?
Listen,
I never asked Frank
to do anything violent
for me.
You just had him
set me up for Sam's murder.
[ Knock on door ]
Who is it?
Man:
Thai food delivery.
Okay.
I'll help you find him.
Have you seen this?
There is
an article on Annalise
in almost
every single paper.
Slow news day,
I guess.
What?
This is a big deal.
Is it?
Yes.
Whoever's putting these up
could be crazy
or dangerous or --
Or just really bored.
Just think about
what's happening here.
Annalise is one of 10 women
in a senior position
at Middleton,
and then along comes some pissy,
probably white, troll...
out to destroy her career.
Her career's doing fine.
For now.
I made dessert,
and you're not even
gonna touch it?
You didn't
make anything.
And it's the same color
as my cadaver's
esophageal sphincter.
Close your eyes.
Now open your mouth.
Oh, my God.
Trust me.
Connor:
Okay, here's the game plan
for Irene's case.
We're going to
divide and conquer in teams.
[ Farts ]
[ Laughter ]
Sorry.
Seriously?
Build your own burrito bar
at lunch, bro.
Team one
will be Michaela and Asher.
[ All snickering ]
Look.
You think that
I want to do this? No.
But it's our job.
You mean your job.
All of our jobs.
And yes, the chances of us
winning this are small,
if not zero.
You want to inspire
your team here?
Don't crap on a case
just because you're feeling
a little insecure.
Uh, team one
will find witnesses
to testify to the abuse.
Michaela:
All the neighbors are dead.
Everyone she worked with
at the factory, dead.
Well,
you know who's not dead
is, uh, little Asher
when he's with you.
Not here.
Why?
You embarrassed to be
banging a white dude?
Okay.
The fact that you
in your seersucker
"ain't never seen a black girl
naked until me"
just made this a race issue
is so problematic,
I don't even know
where to start.
I just
don't see the point
in keeping this
a secret anymore.
Think of Bonnie's feelings,
and -- and -- and --
and Connor.
He just got dumped.
We have to be
more sensitive.
Well, you know who else
we have to be sensitive to?
Little Asher.
Help me find
a stupid witness.
Connor: Our biggest hurdle
is going to be
the dead husband's sister --
Amber.
She's shown up
at every parole hearing
to testify
against Irene's release.
Laurel and Wes,
you guys seem sweet,
so we'll use that
to our advantage.
Amber: He was my brother.
There's no way in hell
I'm helping that woman
get out of jail.
We're just suggesting
you talk to her.
See the progress she's made
since the last parole hearing.
She wants
to apologize to you.
Do you think
I want that?
I'm the one
who found Rodney's body.
I slipped in his blood.
I fell on him!
Screw forgiveness.
♪
Connor:
Our most important angle,
of course,
is Irene's own testimony.
She's a bit of
a hard nut to crack,
so, uh, Simon and Natalie,
you guys are gonna
go down to the prison
and talk to her --
Annalise: Excuse me?
Our client picked you
as first chair, Mr. Walsh.
Yeah, I-I just thought
she'd feel more comfortable
talking to a woman
about her abuse.
Then why send me?
Unless I grew a vagina
I don't know about.
Why don't you check?
Go to the prison
and do your job.
First they'll ask about
your life before the crime.
But mostly you'll tell them
about your life
with your husband --
the abuse that led up
to the events of that night.
I don't remember
anything from that night.
Nothing?
Not a lick.
[ Sighs ]
I think you're lying.
I think you do remember.
I -- I don't blame you
for not wanting
to talk about it.
I wouldn't
want to either.
But I read about
what he did to you.
Reading about it's different
than being there.
You want to know
what's worse?
The feeling I get
during those hearings.
Those men on the board
wanting me on my knees,
spill my deepest and darkest,
beg,
only to tell me no again.
♪
I'd rather get hit.
Laurel: Sam's sister.
Michaela:
She was such a bitch.
Asher: Hannah Keating.
What about Nate?
He could be
playing a long con.
Mm. Put him down.
Know what makes me sad?
What are you guys doing?
It's, uh,
A.K.'s enemies list.
One of these peeps
has got to be behind the fliers.
You realize the woman's
gonna rot in prison
if you don't help me,
right?
We forgot about Meggy.
Oh!
Yes.
No.
You said you met her
at a bookstore.
Don't you think that's
a little bit suspicious?
How is that suspicious?
We should have Oliver
hack her.
Connor: No.
I need him
to work on my case.
Your case is a dud.
Deal with it.
Oliver.
I know you're bored.
You make that very clear
with how loud you're stomping
around with those boxes.
This isn't about that.
It's Laurel.
She wasn't just here
to say hi?
No.
She was asking me
if I heard from him,
so I paid to get her phone logs,
and look.
She's been calling Frank.
I hate them.
Every single one of
their bitch-ass lying faces.
Let me take care of it.
How?
Don't worry.
I'll figure it out.
♪
Monoghan: Ms. Crowley,
can you tell us a bit
about your relationship
with your husband.
Let's start with
how you met.
Irene:
Picked me up in a bar.
I got knocked up.
A few weeks later,
we got married.
Can I ask what happened
with the child?
It was a girl.
She died inside of me.
I'm sorry to hear that.
It's not your fault.
Ms. Crowley, I'd like to discuss
the alleged abuse.
Uh, I'm sorry, can we just
back up for a second.
Uh, the reason
you lost the child,
this was due to the abuse,
yes?
I never said that.
No, but, uh,
hospital records show
that you had a broken wrist
at the time
that you were admitted
for the miscarriage, so --
Ms. Keating.
[ Whispering ] This is her time.
Don't speak for her.
[ Normal voice ]
My apologies.
I've read all your files,
Ms. Crowley,
and the problem I'm having is
during your trial,
you never officially stated
that your husband abused you.
Is that true?
It's in the file,
I guess, so...
She never said anything
because her lawyer
advised her not to.
Quiet.
Graves: I'm asking
because it strikes me
as a convenient
parole strategy
to invent claims of abuse
now that the laws have changed
in favor of the victim.
It wasn't my strategy.
So, are we or are we not
to believe you were abused?
You're gonna believe
whatever you want
no matter what I say.
If you look in file C-11,
there are photos taken after
one of Mr. Crowley's attacks
that are evidence
of the abuse.
Fine. Let's say
you were indeed abused.
The police report states
that there was
no imminent threat
at the time of the murder,
so my question is,
if your husband
was abusing you so badly,
why did you kill him
instead of just leaving him?
That is
the wrong question.
Quick recess.
You're asking my client
what's wrong with her
when you should be asking
what was wrong with the man
that repeatedly battered --
Connor, enough.
Instead, you're putting
the burden on the victim!
Young man,
you need to rein it in.
My client has suffered
a lifetime of horror,
and you're just continuing
the cycle of abuse,
and I won't allow it!
Now,
she's been bullied enough,
and I think we need
to finally listen to her.
I blew it.
I can admit to ineffective
assistance of counsel.
That is not what happened.
It's not her fault that
I can't keep my mouth shut.
I should be punished for that,
not her.
Relax, okay? Breathe.
That was just the first session.
We can still fix this.
If I have to go
back in there,
I'm just gonna
screw it up.
You should fire me.
Well, Irene is the only one
who could fire you,
and she hasn't
done that yet.
You're her counsel now,
and for once in her life,
the only man that's
not gonna disappoint her.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
I'll be right back.
Wait, you have
to help me prepare.
I'm just stepping outside.
Call the others.
♪
[ Cellphone ringing ]
[ Breathes heavily ]
[ Moans ]
Oh, ignore it.
Like you have to tell me.
You know, I don't --
I don't think they'd be mad.
Who?
Connor.
I-I-I think
he'd be happy for us.
And -- And I could
talk to Bonnie.
Uh, you know, hiding is what
messed her and me up
to begin with, so...
[ Sighs ]
For the record,
you are forcing me
to say these things.
What things?
We're not a couple.
We're never gonna be
a couple.
Why not?
I can't be in a relationship
with somebody
who is literally the opposite
of everything I stand for.
I'm a cooler guy
than I used to be.
You...
you have to admit that.
I-I-I'm learning --
And I am not your teacher.
I don't have time
to strip you of all
your terrible white habits,
so either accept the fact
that you are just
a meat stick to me,
or we can end this.
♪
Fine, I'll go.
No, no, no, no, no. Don't.
♪
How about I give you
another double?
♪ I gotta let you go ♪
Wichita?
As in Kansas?
He's been checking his voicemail
on a computer.
The I.P. address
is in Wichita.
And that was today?
An hour ago.
I'll keep track
and make sure
he doesn't drive back here.
Thank you.
All right,
I need to get back.
You're done with me?
I have a client
that needs me.
What about my needs?
♪
What are you doing?
I saw it, Laurel.
I was just checking to see
if they had a suspect yet.
Why?
Because I don't want it
to be you.
I'm sorry, okay?
What if Eve is wrong,
and the cops
know who you are.
What does Eve
have to do with it?
She's watching the case
for Annalise.
[ Chuckles ]
We're not
doing this anymore.
Creating problems
where there are none.
What if there are
problems?
I'm happy, Laurel.
Trying to be.
It's because I've moved on,
so please just...let me.
I'm sorry.
About Meggy, too.
Oliver did a whole search on her
and she's a Girl Scout.
Worst thing she's ever done
is protest a marine park.
I knew that.
You looked into her?
I'm not an idiot.
Connor:
Here's what you need to say.
He was about to hit you.
He wasn't.
I know.
Look, I'm just --
I'm trying to help,
all right?
You're doing a bad job.
Listen to me!
For once, just...
Just -- just listen,
all right?
They need to hear it
straight from you --
some explanation of why you
killed him in that moment.
It doesn't matter
how ugly you think it is
or how bad you think
it makes you look.
Your only chance
of getting out is you talk.
[ Sighs ]
I did what you did.
Killed a guy.
And I didn't have
as good of an excuse as you,
but I did it.
And I got away with it.
I've --
I've never told anyone.
Well, it's -- it's messed
a lot of stuff up for me.
People around you can sense
that you're hiding something,
and it pushes them away.
That's what's happening
in that room.
You know,
every guy on that board
can -- can see that
you're not telling the truth,
and it makes them
not trust you.
But you can't afford that.
You need them on your side,
and the only way that happens
is you finally talk.
What'd you say to her?
I just gave her
a pep talk.
No, you opened
your fat mouth.
I suffer every day
to keep you people safe.
My career, reputation,
it's all on the line
because of you.
So no more
screwing with my life
just because you feel like it,
understood?
Let's hope to God
this works.
You hear if Connor
finally lost his case?
I don't know.
It's not like anyone
ever tells the meat stick
anything anyways.
I knew you were gonna be
a baby about this.
Stacy and Nicole said that
you were the one being a baby.
Oh, my God.
You talked about me
to those freshmen?
They're my girls, okay?
And I think that your whole, uh,
"we're too different" crap
is actually a cover
for the fact
that you know
that we're the same.
How are we the same?
Uh, a lot of ways.
For example, you like
having sex with me,
and so do I.
You're ridiculous.
I know you, Michaela.
The real you, okay?
I know you came here
to be Michelle
or Hillary or RBG,
and I came here to be my dad,
right?
The better version.
You know what?
We met Annalise
and we did bad things,
and now we're different,
which makes us the same.
But you can't see that
because you're holding on
to this old idea
of who you used to be
and who I was, and...
[ Sighs ]
I'm more than a meat stick.
Monoghan: Ms. Crowley,
take us through the weeks
leading up to the day
of your husband's murder.
Ms. Crowley.
Okay, let's move on
to your time in prison --
We had no doors
in the house.
No one ever asked me
why Rodney did that.
Took doors off hinges
so I wouldn't
be able to hide.
Came in once
while I was peeing,
yelling, grabbed my neck,
stuck my head in the toilet.
I almost drowned
in my own urine.
Another time
he raped me with a hose,
a mop handle.
You want stories
like that?
I got 'em.
Now, I can see
that you want to know
what I did with the hammer.
I planned it.
You were right about that.
Not 'cause he was gonna
beat me that day.
Because he was gonna beat me
for the rest of my life.
And looking ahead to that,
feeling broken bones
before they even happen...
I made a decision.
I sat with that hammer
for hours,
and when he came home,
I stood up,
and I hit him
over and over again
until I saw brains.
And still I didn't feel...
that that made up for
all the times that he hit me.
So I hit him some more.
♪
You want me
to say I'm sorry...
that I regret my actions.
But I don't.
How can I
when it's the one decision
that finally set me free?
[ Chuckles ]
So, you could win?
Connor: No, I-I didn't --
I didn't say that.
Yeah, but --
well, you got her to talk,
which is a victory
in itself.
Yeah, but it's --
it's complicated,
and...I don't know.
Annalise is kind of
pissed at me, so...
Yeah, well,
she's always pissed at you,
and am I not
supposed to be
trying to make
you feel better here?
I'll feel better
if Irene gets out.
I just need you
to distract me right now.
Okay.
Did I -- did I ever tell you
about the time
my mom caught me
wearing her lingerie?
[ Toilet flushes ]
Irene stays in jail
if you say what I think
you're gonna say in there.
Shouldn't she?
Rodney raised you, right?
I read that in the reports.
I think that meant
he abused you, too.
If I'm wrong,
look me in my eye and say that.
He wasn't a good man.
No one is claiming that.
But he also didn't deserve
to die that way.
It must've
crossed your mind, though,
when he was hitting you.
And yet I never took a hammer
to his skull.
Because
you didn't have to.
You got out.
And then
Irene took your place.
No, I can't do it.
I can't go in there
and say nice things about her.
I know.
But that's not
what I'm asking you to do.
♪
Is something wrong?
We'll know soon enough.
[ Door opens ]
Man:
[ Whispers indistinctly ]
Well, it seems
the victim's witness
has decided to forego
making a statement here today.
This board therefore
needs no further deliberation.
We came to this decision after
weighing statutory factors,
the altered laws,
and studies about the impact
of domestic abuse.
Your candor, Ms. Crowley,
was another main factor
in our decision.
Ms. Crowley...
we've decided to grant
your application for parole.
We order
for your immediate release.
[ Exhales ]
Oh.
Yeah, it's real.
You're getting out.
You won.
Oh.
[ Chuckles ]
Thank you.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Oh.
♪
[ Cellphone vibrating ]
Man: It was our hope
that this stunt
would burn out on its own,
but it seems to be
metastasizing.
All the city papers
have picked up the story,
and the President
has started to receive calls
from several alumni
and donors.
The situation's become
a university problem.
So, with everybody's
best interests in mind,
we are notifying you
that you are suspended,
effective immediately.
At least until the board
determines that your safety,
the safety of our students,
and the integrity
of the university
is no longer
compromised.
I'm sorry that
we need to take this step
right now, Annalise.
But we hope
it's temporary.
No.
Last time I checked,
I was the victim here.
An anonymous,
potentially dangerous individual
chose to launch a smear campaign
at my workplace,
and your solution is
to suspend me?
No.
Man: Professor,
we are contractually
within our rights.
You're worried
about bad press?
Try the headline
"Prominent Attorney
Persecuted by Elite University,"
not to mention
a multi-million-dollar lawsuit
I'll file.
I bet you'll get calls
from the donors then.
Annalise, please.
No one here wants
to escalate the situation.
Lock me
out of my classroom!
I dare you.
But you can't keep me
from teaching my students.
♪
Oliver: There he is.
Young lawyer home
after winning
his very first case.
Not a big deal.
Oh, you can pretend
like you don't care,
but I can tell you care.
Come on, grab a bottle of
champagne in the fridge.
We'll celebrate.
What...what's wrong?
Are you mad?
No, I'm just confused.
I love you, Oli.
And I need you right now
more than you know.
So...whatever you want,
I'll -- I'll do it.
I just want to make you happy
like you make me happy,
and I know that I can.
So, please, just let me.
I'm sorry.
[ Exhales sharply ]
Oli, I...
I just need to be alone
right now.
What about what I need?
That's the point.
I only ever do
what other people want.
This time,
I'm doing this for me.
So, if...
if you really
want to make me happy,
then you'll let me go.
Okay?
Just...
let me go.
♪
Uh...
I'll -- I'll pack.
Connor.
No, no.
It's your apartment,
so...
♪
I win.
[ Groans ]
Again.
Drink.
Laurel: I can't.
I said drink.
Okay.
I'm surprised
Frank didn't teach you better.
We never really
played pool.
'Cause you were too busy
boning all the time?
No.
Well...
I have a question.
Did you two ever hook up?
[ Scoffs ]
No.
Would you be jealous
if we did?
No.
What if I told you I was
talking to him every day?
Are you?
[ Sighs ]
I've been leaving him
voicemails.
He doesn't answer,
but his mailbox isn't full,
so I assume
he's listening to them.
You have to stop
calling him.
Because
if Annalise knew --
She'd kill me.
I know.
You know,
I was never really sure
if I actually loved him.
But now that he's gone...
[ Chuckles ]
...I did.
You only think that
because you don't know him.
I know about Lila.
There are worse things
than murder, Laurel.
You don't know that,
and that's a good thing.
But I know that
and Frank knows that.
We've seen things
you don't want to see.
So stop calling him,
stop thinking about him,
And kill the fantasy of Frank
in your head.
I don't understand.
You lost him?
The I.P. address in Wichita
was fake.
He's using a private network
to bounce the signal
all over the country.
Jersey, California, Kansas.
So, he could be anywhere.
Philly.
Yeah.
♪
I'm gonna stay at your house
till we find him.
I don't need a bodyguard.
You got one now.
I'll be over
after my shift.
Okay.
♪
[ Knock on door ]
♪ The dawn ahead
on the floor ♪
What's wrong?
Can I crash here
for a while?
♪ The cracks so bare stain ♪
We're screwing.
♪
Okay.
Brought dinner.
I'm not hungry.
♪ And I'll be watching
as you waste ♪
Well, then you can
watch me eat.
♪ Through the ground ♪
♪
Nate's staying over tonight.
♪ And I'll be watching as you ♪
Okay.
I'm just telling you
so you don't have
to worry about me.
I don't.
Heard you're having
Eve keep tabs on
the Mahoney investigation,
though.
Did Bonnie
tell you that?
Laurel.
Don't be mad at her.
She just worries about me.
Just like you.
Do you trust her?
Completely.
She's my best friend.
[ Distant ]
I didn't think I needed one.
I did.
Can't tell you
how many times
she just showed up
on my doorstep to say hi...
Frank,
please just come home.
I spoke
to Bonnie and Annalise,
and they want you back,
too.
They're not mad.
No one's mad.
So please come back to us.
I love you.
Was that okay?
Perfect.
Now you just got to go
see your father.
♪
Arrest me!
No!
[ Police radio chatter ]
If there are any other
possible scenarios...
Man: Annalise!
Annalise!
Annalise:
Let him through.
[ Panting ]
I heard someone say
there's a body.
Is it true?
No one
knows anything yet.
Okay,
but what if it's true?
Stop it.
Let's not let our minds
go there.
Wipe it clean.
Everything on it.
Mumford: Ms. Keating,
we're gonna have to
do this right now.
[ Handcuffs clink ]
Annalise Keating,
you're under arrest.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be
used against you
in a court of law.
Mumford:
You understand these rights
as I have read them to you?
Annalise: Yes.
♪